Update pwd, run script (#142)
Aiven-Open/klaw-docs: docs/HowTo/installation/run-source.md

   - Manually install node/npm/pnpm and copy assets by following the procedure
     here. [Manual installation of React](https://github.com/aiven/klaw/blob/main/coral/README.md)

5. Start the API components by running its JAR files:

   - Run with script

     In the bin directory of the repository, run the script `run-klaw.sh` for Mac or Linux, which starts both Core and
     Cluster-API applications.

   Alternatively

   - Run with commands

     `java -jar klaw-clusterapi-<version>.jar`

     To pass additional configuration, pass an additional parameter like

     `--spring.config.location=target/classes/application.properties`

     Start the web UI by running its JAR file:

     `java -jar klaw-<version>.jar`

     To pass additional configuration, pass an additional parameter like

     `--spring.config.location=target/classes/application.properties`

6. Access the web interface using the URL:

   ```copy-button
   http://localhost:9097/
   ```

7. Log in as the admin user to get started.

   - **Username:** `superadmin`
   - **Password:** `welcometoklaw`

> 

Reviewer: Here just mark the PW change as from version 2.6.0

   - Manually install node/npm/pnpm and copy assets by following the procedure
     here. [Manual installation of React](https://github.com/aiven/klaw/blob/main/coral/README.md)

5. Start the API components by running its JAR files:

   - Run with script

     In the bin directory of the repository, run the script `run-klaw.sh` for Mac or Linux, which starts both Core and
     Cluster-API applications.

   Alternatively

   - Run with commands

     `java -jar klaw-clusterapi-<version>.jar`

     To pass additional configuration, pass an additional parameter like

     `--spring.config.location=target/classes/application.properties`

     Start the web UI by running its JAR file:

     `java -jar klaw-<version>.jar`

>      To pass additional configuration, pass an additional parameter like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     To pass additional configurations, include them as follows:
```

     `--spring.config.location=target/classes/application.properties`

6. Access the web interface using the URL:

   ```copy-button
   http://localhost:9097/
   ```

7. Log in as the admin user to get started.

   - **Username:** `superadmin`

>    - **Password:** `kwsuperadmin123$$` for 2.5.0 and older Klaw release

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - **Password:** `kwsuperadmin123$$` (for  Klaw releases 2.5.0 and older)
```

>    - **Password:** `welcometoklaw` as of 2.6.0 Klaw release

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - **Password:** `welcometoklaw` (starting from the Klaw 2.6.0 release)
